2006 South Asian Games was the 10th edition of the Tournament.
It was held in Sri Lanka.In the football tournament Sri Lanka competed
 in the group stage against Pakistan,Bhutan and Maldives u-23 Football
 Teams. Sri Lanka won the Bronze Medal in the Previous 2004 tournament.
 Sri Lanka beat Maldives and Bhutan to qualify for the Semi Final stage and
 Beat India in Penalties to qualify for the final with Pakistan and lost it
 1-0.Sri Lanka won the Silver Medal as a result.

Sri Lanka has participated in AFC U-23 Championship Qualifiers competition
as an in experienced football team.Because of that they couldn't win a single
match.The first match was played with Palestine. Sri Lanka did well to draw this
game with the first goal of a major U-23 football tournament that was scored by
bandara in the 73rd minute.

In the next match with Pakistan also ended with a draw.None of the players from
both teams failed to score a goal in the full-time. In the next match against the
power full and experienced Syria national under-23 football team Sri Lanka lost the
game 4-0. In the next match they played against the host Saudi Arabia and lost the
game 7-0 after the full-time and it was the Biggest defeat of the team in the tournament.
In the last match of the qualifiers Sri Lanka played against the Kyrgyzstan team and lost
5-0 and failed to qualify for the inaugural AFC U-22 Championship tournament.

The Palestine Championsip tournament was organized by the Palestinian Football Association.
Four Olympic national u-23 teams played against each other in this tournament by the invitation
of Palestinian Football Association. The national u-23 teams of Palestine, Sri Lanka, Pakistan
and Jordan competed in this tournament.

Sri Lanka played their first match against Pakistan national under-23 football team. They
lost the match 3-0.In the next match Sri Lanka played against the host Palestine and lost
that game also 3-0. Sri Lanka played their last match in the tournament against Jordan
national under-23 football team.It also ended with a lost for Sri Lanka after the final
score 4-0. Sri Lanka failed to score a goal in this tournament and lost all three matches.

Sri Lanka national under-23 football team participated in 2014 Lusophony Games for the first time.
Sri Lanka team advanced to the Semi Final stage of this tournament by defeating Macau and drew
against Sao Tome and Principe.In the semifinals Sri Lanka lost the match against Mozambique
1-0 and won the Bronze Medal match against Macau 3-0. This was the first time that Sri Lanka
u23 team won a major international tournament.

Sri Lanka entered to 2016 AFC U-23 Championship Qualification stage with the national u-23
teams from UAE,Yemen and Tajikistan.Sri Lanka lost both opening games against the host UAE
and Yemen 4-0 and 5-0.They lost to Tajikistan 5-1 in the last group match. Sri Lanka's very
disappointing football skills were seen in this Tournament.Sri Lanka scored only one goal in the
tournament.After losing all three matches Sri Lanka Team failed to qualify for the Summer Olympics
2016 Football Tournament.